Hello Sir, below I have described my project :

It is called Tarantino (I have named it after myself). It is an online supermarket and users can buy things like mobiles, tv, etc. 

I have done all the minimal requirements along with what is expected from top performers according to the instructions provided in the pdf file. 

I have also added some additional functionalities which were not required for this project. These are as follows :-

1) Additional web pages (Category1, category2). I have created 5 web-pages (only 2 were required)
2) The cart icon at top-right corner will take you to the Mobile shopping page, if you are on index.html. (It is not exactly a cart)
3) The help menu is similar to the "contact us" page and it will redirect you there.
4) The login and signup pages will take you to a "Welcome" page. Moreover, proper validation is done for both of them.
5) There are some additional links in "footer" section like Payments, Shipping, etc which were not created yet, so if we click on them, it will take you to a page which displays the message "Page is under construction".
6) The contact us page is also properly validated as per the requiremnets.
7) In "about us" section, I have added two profiles.
8) In the category1, category2 (Mobiles, TV, etc) pages, An image of the mentioned item is displayed along with it's name, price and short description.

NOTE : I am also submitting screenshots corresponding to my project, which are very important because when I demonstrated my project during live seesions, it does not open properly in a different laptop.

Little description about my screenshots :

1) It is the "index.html" page which shows how my website looks initially.
2) It shows "sign up modal" and if we enter wrong details, then the proper validation message also appears.
3) It shows the  "contact us" page which also contains proper validation and displays various messages if user does not enter information properly.
4) It shows the "about us" page which contains description about the supermarket as well as profile about 2 developers.
5) It shows one of my category pages (Food.html) which contains 3 items in one row with proper images, name, short description and the price of all the items. 

PS-> The footer also dispalys perfectly in my laptop but I can only attach 5 screenshots so I have chosen the 5 most important ones and can't attach that one.

I hope you will like this. I will also add backend functionalities in future as I am a 3rd year engineering student so it is expected from me. I tried my best despite having online classes from 9am-5pm. 

At last, I want to thank you and Internship Studio for helping me throughout live sessions. This journey was very fruitful for me. Thank You...